### Memoize a React component

Memoization is a feature in React. The library compares two versions of an object and, if they are the same, does not re-render it, creating an optimization in performance and memory.

The memo higher order component (to notice, not useMemo) for a component is very easy to implement, but it's not always efficient or necessary. As everything about memoization in React, we shouldn't memoize everything but just the objects that are heavy, or big, or re-renders very often.

So it happened in my job that I had quite a big parent component that is wrapping inside all the smaller children components (some of them big too). I'll just change the type of subjects and component, but the example I'm giving is the same I have.

How do we memoize a component?

Supposing we have:

```js
  const BigComponent = ({...lots of props}) => {...lots of stuff done}
```

then we just put memo on the export 
```js
  export default memo(BigComponent)
```

Is it enough? Sometimes yes. But the more interesting part is another. How does React knows what to compare? It takes a previous version, and a next version (the one we're updating with new data). In the same way, memo uses these two version as callback arguments. These can be checked to make a quicker comparison, speeding up even more the memoization process.

Supposing that our BigComponent is mostly managing school students, and we have the children components changing according to the students. Then we'll have BigComponent supposedly changing when the id of the student change (supposing that is mapped from a parent component).

```js
  const BigComponent = ({student, ...other props}) => {...lots of stuff done}
```

We can now memoize the component comparing the ids of the student. If they're the same, the component will remain the same, otherwise it will re-render.
```js
  export default memo(BigComponent, (prev, next) => prev.student.id !== next.student.id)
```

This above will say: if the previous id is different to next one, return true. If memo is true, refresh the component. If false (same id) don't do it.

